README.md, before:

# README-Generator

## Description
The Professional README Generator is a command-line application that simplifies the creation of high-quality README files for GitHub repositories. By prompting the user for specific information about their project, this tool generates a structured and professional README file, allowing developers to focus more on coding and less on documentation.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To use the Professional README Generator, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/readme-generator.git

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    cd README-generator

3. Install the neccessary dependencies:
    npm install

## Usage
To generate README file, run the following command in your terminal:
    ```bash
    node index.js

You will be prompted to enter the following information about your project:
- Project Title
- Project Description
- Installation Instructions
- Usage Information
- Contributing Guidelines
- Test Instructions
- License Type
- GitHub Username
- Email Address

After answering the prompts, a 'README.md' file will be generated in the project directory with the provided information.

## Technologies Used
- Node.js
- Inquirer.js
- Javascript
- File System (fs) module

## Tests
To run test, use the following command:
    ```bash
    npm test

## How-to Video

## Conclusion
The README Generator is a valuable tool for developers lookiing to streamline their project documentation process. By auytomating the creation of README files, it saves time and ensure consistency across projects. We hope you find this tool userful and welcome any feedback and contributions to improve it further.

## Questions
I fyou have any questions, please open an issue or contact me directly at peruvpowwow94@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub profile.

### Customization:

- **Project Title:** Replace `Professional README Generator` with your project’s title.
- **Description:** Modify the description to accurately describe your project.
- **Installation Instructions:** Ensure the instructions match the setup process for your project.
- **Usage Instructions:** Include specific commands or steps to run your application.
- **License:** Update the license information as needed.
- **Contributing Guidelines:** Provide clear instructions for contributing to your project.
- **Tests:** Include instructions for running any tests you have.
- **Contact Information:** Update the GitHub username and email address to your own.

This template provides a comprehensive overview of your project, making it easier for others to understand its purpose, how to install and use it, and how they can contribute or seek support.

Commit message:

fixed some spelling errors and also added a note before the customization section

README.md, after:

# README-Generator

## Description
The Professional README Generator is a command-line application that simplifies the creation of high-quality README files for GitHub repositories. By prompting the user for specific information about their project, this tool generates a structured and professional README file, allowing developers to focus more on coding and less on documentation.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Usage](#usage)
- [License](#license)
- [Contributing](#contributing)
- [Tests](#tests)
- [Questions](#questions)

## Installation
To use the Professional README Generator, follow these steps:

1. Clone the repository to your local machine:
   ```bash
   git clone https://github.com/your-username/readme-generator.git

2. Navigate to the project directory:
    cd README-generator

3. Install the neccessary dependencies:
    npm install

## Usage
To generate README file, run the following command in your terminal:
    ```bash
    node index.js

You will be prompted to enter the following information about your project:
- Project Title
- Project Description
- Installation Instructions
- Usage Information
- Contributing Guidelines
- Test Instructions
- License Type
- GitHub Username
- Email Address

After answering the prompts, a 'README.md' file will be generated in the project directory with the provided information.

## Technologies Used
- Node.js
- Inquirer.js
- Javascript
- File System (fs) module

## Tests
To run test, use the following command:
    ```bash
    npm test

## How-to Video

## Conclusion
The README Generator is a valuable tool for developers lookiing to streamline their project documentation process. By auytomating the creation of README files, it saves time and ensure consistency across projects. We hope you find this tool userful and welcome any feedback and contributions to improve it further.

## Questions
If you have any questions, please open an issue or contact me directly at peruvpowwow94@gmail.com. You can find more of my work on my GitHub profile.

Note: This README file was generated using the README Generator

### Customization:

- **Project Title:** Replace `Professional README Generator` with your project’s title.
- **Description:** Modify the description to accurately describe your project.
- **Installation Instructions:** Ensure the instructions match the setup process for your project.
- **Usage Instructions:** Include specific commands or steps to run your application.
- **License:** Update the license information as needed.
- **Contributing Guidelines:** Provide clear instructions for contributing to your project.
- **Tests:** Include instructions for running any tests you have.
- **Contact Information:** Update the GitHub username and email address to your own.

This template provides a comprehensive overview of your project, making it easier for others to understand its purpose, how to install and use it, and how they can contribute or seek support.
